friends I look at him good morning I'm winter in this new episode that there
we are preparing to face together
essential topic
little treated on word for the sound one
real sound important and fundamental products will succeed in creating a
own style if we think of the great bb king guitar masters
robben ford
stiv revokes jimi hendrix
actually their language is part of it, which then was very often extremely
the simple thing that characterized them is their sound
their way of d
use the expressive aspects to which goods
fiberglass tourism
I believe that a good musician without these elements cannot have one
precise correspondence traced that
try free time
sentimental what the instrumental language or the scales the chords
the triads and everything we are studying
so I think it's time to start aligning these
expect musician should just be able to give his audience
when it's
concert
a big door reason the emotion goes through
the elements we are going to see
I think it is very important for other reasons
the speech of good perhaps one of the most difficult states to play
on the guitar but also on string instruments in general
in the power vibrato music it represents the vast way to tune on the guitar
the jimi hendrix notes and it's pretty good any note if we don't have
a good vibrato
every sentence every idea of ​​marotta pronunciation dumps will result in mourning
because the listener often forgets about the router
taranto courier have climbed interautonews san an instrument
fixed alteration
and as always small little nuances
tuning are trolls
wrong and therefore vibrato will be the element that will fix a fucking
I have to give examples of the style of the great masters who then with me
you will become a smartbox
you just have to go and see first with a couple of examples 2 present and bb
king because bb king
extremely simple blues harp guitarist abb in the race perhaps the vibrato
does not vibrate better
of the world championship yesterday sky for attested source of inspiration of great
fioroni 74 musicians for ford blackmail
who founded their style
and if we go to listen to them well we will realize that in the tooth parts
of their sori they are practically a sort of updated bb king
they then wanted the style to become masters also on the guitar
modern there is not much more TV
let's see these examples
example 1
watsonlove fitted with a woman film
in simply using memento maria maggiore
to
clothes they have will do - won woman's suitcase will give
palio di noale from their Mantua kadett mixers, even minors.
colors like we have no idea of ​​cadore can also see my videos on le
pentatonic already published on youtube can be a good approach with the
Pope. who already have mobile usage
if we see in this fragment of a sentence very simple reality
there are so many things
this is 70
contains nothing
which must be done precisely and quickly
be careful because I often get letters from users that I can manage to
pass the ropes
often the wrong arm movement because otherwise
superhero I have strength
vertically
probably our undivided good among ineffective we will publish dead while
the trick is to block an octopus there puts his hand
with the force that bathes with wings and try to raise the ropes
in the part practically bassano romano not with the fingers therefore the strength does not
first phalanx of Naples
before or after being quick
somehow and
will be used will be used in secure account we want
give a lot of emphasis to the phrase pull out an angry look
mind when we want to give a sweeter melancholy character with the sentence
we will use a softer vibrato
so this micro fake made in different ways may already be in source
of completely different phrases according to leaks
batch let's train together to do this thing
search
no names there
news named typical of the specific entry in writing
when you do
it's much better
eh 15 we have three fingers attached
weather
after 5 years
v db things couple the time
the now
not
map source of inspiration for my style sad thoughts discounted flights
anderson
and they are also Albert King
second boss the pentatonic
to maserize in santa d'asti I would say
important element of risk objectives generally what you give
pase the first note
in the last of the present there is no wholesale pack you tell me about the right hand
which always prevails style that we will see in a few moments
tarsu box aventador,
format
.
weight are very famous phrases diesel power - interisti of how in a movie
forever a fragment of Albertini I often use emo
ok db killer a
tripod for d90